this is Anjali Anjali has lots of hair
so we start out by shampooing and
conditioning with moisture nourishing
shampoo and right now she's shampooing
this is exactly what she would do in the
shower and it's really important that
you don't disrupt your curl pattern so
much when you shampoo it's important to
cleanse but to not disrupt and tangle
your hair so now she is neutral
replenishing conditioner and that's
about as much product as you should
really need and it's really important
once again to work it through your hair
from roots to ends and really try to
smooth and detangle as you go so that
when you get done and you rinse you
really have your hair is really smooth
so I would also recommend that you use a
paddle brush to detangle to remove any
hair that you know you really need to
that you shed a couple of hundred here's
a day when you have a lot of hair you
really need to go through the process of
brushing it when you're detangling so
next we're going to use wrap and roll in
her hair and the reason we're gonna use
rapid roll is because she has a lot of
hair and so rapid roll is great because
it dries really clean and smooth and it
totally seals the cuticle and it'll give
her time to apply curl defining cream
without her hair drying out so she
doesn't have to worry about reapplying
or rewetting or respring her here with
leave-in conditioner so you can see that
the rapid roll is separating the curl
and it's just going to smooth the
cuticle and then once she's applied that
to her entire head what we're going to
do is go right over that with curl
defining cream rapid roll is great you
can use lots of it it dries super clean
it adds a great shine to your hair and
it really seals the cuticle
so now once she's worked that through
you could see that it sort of separates
her curls and it'll keep her hair
hydrated and then the next product we're
gonna use is curl to find a cream so
she's gonna use quite a few pumps of
that and she's gonna pretty much work it
through the exact same way that she
worked the wrap and roll through so the
curl defining cream she will have to
really really really put a good amount
of product in so that our hair doesn't
shrink and it stays smooth and it
defines the curl and this is on Julie
finished so we use moisture nourishing
shampoo nutrient replenishing
conditioner
revitalizing leaving conditioner wrap
and roll and curl defining cream